 Hi guys, I have some iPhone units which have iPhone 15 Plus, iPhone 15 Pro Max and iPhone 15 Pro. In today's video, I will try to tell you all the details of upcoming iPhone 15 series. I will tell you all the leaks, design and how it will be. Before starting, I will tell you my name is Sanjay Chaldeek and I am a tech bar. If you want to do a tech series, better click on the subscribe button. Press the bell icon. The first and most important thing is that finally, the iPhone is shifting to USB Type-C. I can confirm this in these dummies. I will show you closely. I have a Type-C cable. If I put it in this dummy, the size is exactly the same. In fact, it is not just the iPhone 15 Pro series. The number series of these is also coming in the iPhone 15 Plus and iPhone 15 In. Which is clearly shown in the dummy. If you understand Apple brand, you will feel that everything is not that easy from Apple. I mean, without the condition that Apple does not put anything in its phones or any product. Anyway, let me show you the first leak related to this. Now, do you know what Apple is going to do? The USB Type-C functionality will limit it. Only then will it work when you buy an Apple special wire which is made for iPhone. For example, if you want better data transfer speed, you will get that special wire from the iPhone. If you use any other normal wire, it will work. By the way, do not trust this leak because some leaks say that Apple will not do this. It is possible that you can use any Type-C cable. If there is a leak, then 100% true. In fact, you should also tell that Europe forced Apple to put Type-C port in these iPhones. And that is why this is happening. In fact, Europe has even said that if Apple does something like this, that the third party Type-C X-RES doesn't work properly in the iPhone, then it can do the sales of the iPhone 15 to the band. So, there is some pressure on Apple. Maybe everything should work smoothly. Let me tell you more interesting things. The iPhone 15 Pro has changed some things in its design. I have an iPhone 14 Pro here. Let me show you side by side. Look, I have read some leaks and I have seen this dummy. So, according to that, the camera module will be the same. It will not be small or big. In fact, the thickness of both the iPhones and the frame design will still be boxy. Apple will use the same design for the third time. But let me tell you an interesting thing. This iPhone is like this. If you look at the home button, it feels vibration when pressed. It is not a physical button. And the same thing was going to happen in the iPhone 15 series. The power button and volume rockers were going to have the same haptic buttons. But it is being told that something happened in the production of Apple. And they had to cancel it at the end point. But let me show you something in my notice. Let me show you the iPhone 14 Pro first. The iPhone 14 Pro has a mute switch on the volume rockers. From which the phone vibrates and rings. And it is getting this in iPhones for many years. But look at this. If I keep the iPhone 15 Pro's dummy side by side, then this mute switch has been removed. Instead of this, people are putting the action button here. I know that you will remember the Apple Watch Ultra from the action button. Exactly the same concept is coming in the iPhone. Now you will be able to do the phone on vibration and ring. But after pressing this button, you can also assign some programs to it. So this is a small new thing that is coming in the iPhone. But in design, you will feel a very major improvement in the materials. This iPhone 14 Pro is made of stainless steel in frame and chassis. You know that the iPhone 15 Pro series is going to be made of the chassis and frame made of titanium. Which will be a little lighter and very strong titanium. Which will give the latest iPhones a very premium feel any day. And related to this, there was a leaked image where we got to see the iPhone's USB type C port and titanium frame. So this thing can be true. Now let's talk about the display. Anyway, the iPhone 15 Pro is being told that the bezels will be reduced a lot. It's going to be a dynamic island still. But there is a small catch here as well. There are leaks that the iPhone 15 Pro Max will break the record of all the markets. The phones that will have the least bezels. And the technical specs and display that screen size, resolution, everything will be the same like last year. But it's just being told that the display will be more efficient and consume less power. So this is a good improvement. But a wild rumor has also come that the iPhone 15 Pro can get a brightness of 2500 nits. But you know why I have a little doubt on this? Because the iPhone 14 Pro comes with 2000 nits brightness and it struggles somewhere. So I have a little doubt that will Apple be able to do it? And now let me tell you some leaks from the battery department. Maybe you know that the iPhone 14 Pro series is not an official number. But it can be charged at 27W. By the way, Apple claims that it's 20W maximum. But the iPhone 15 Pro series is being told that it will be officially given to them at 27W charging. But seriously, keep all this aside. I'll tell you what's going to be the craziest thing in the iPhone 15 Pro series. Performance department. You know what's the iPhone 15 Pro series? Apple A17 processor is coming. And this will be based on 3NM. It's not even today. This is crazy. This processor will bring a lot of power. In fact, it will bring a lot of efficiency. And no doubt, this will be a wild news. You'll see. In fact, the TSMC says that 35% will increase efficiency. And this is a huge number in the smartphone world. By the way, the A17 Bionic processor has leaked the Geekbench scores. Which is around 8000 multi-core scores. And I didn't expect this number to be available in a phone. I'm telling you one more thing. A lot of people believe that this year, the Android world won't be able to beat the performance of the iPhone. Because all the Android phones that are coming will be with 4NM chips. The latest Snapdragon chip will be based on 4NM. So this year, I think, we'll win the situation for the iPhone in the performance department. Now, let me tell you about the camera. Because there are also some interesting leaks here. Look, this is the iPhone 15 Pro. And this is the iPhone 15 Pro Max. Both the main cameras will be 48MP like last year. In fact, the camera sensor will be exactly the same. But Apple has created a difference in the Pro and Pro Max. Because the Pro Max will come with 5x or 6x px. Whereas, we will get 3x telephoto in the iPhone 15 Pro like last year. In short, you will have to pay more for better tech than the Apple. Anyway, some leaks also say that the latest Pro series will be improved by the LiDAR scanner. Now, let me tell you about the iPhone 15 Plus and the iPhone 15. First of all, you get to see a change in the display. This time, the Dynamic Island is also getting the iPhone 15 series. I liked it very much. But the sad part is that it is still going to be 60Hz. You won't get 120Hz. That means, you have to tell about the leaks. For example, the display of the iPhone 15 series will be curved from the corner. And the fun part is that the screen size of the iPhone 15 will also increase. It is a strong leak. And talking about the processor, the A16 Bionic processor will be released. Last year, the processor was released with the number series. But, a very interesting leak came out. Which means that I was a little happy to read. The iPhone 15 series is being told that they have made a new 48MP camera sensor. So, maybe the iPhone 15 Plus and the iPhone 15 will be included. So, I hope they get a 48MP update. It is possible that when the iPhone 15 is launched, it will not be available from time. Because the new 48MP camera that they have to bring in, they are having a problem in making it. So, maybe iPhone 15 series is late because of this. And the most important thing is the price. The Pro series is getting a leak that the price will increase by 200$. If it is seen according to India, it can increase by 20,000 rupees. I wish this leak is not true. Because the normal iPhone Pro model of 1.5 lakh rupees will be crazy. And I will tell you one last most interesting thing. The iPhone 15 Ultra was also going to come. But it has been cancelled at the end point. Which is a very crazy iPhone. I don't know what the problem will be. Anyway, these were the complete talks of the iPhone 15 series. Obviously, the launch will be in September 2023. But what do you think? What will be the price of the latest iPhone Pro series? Put it in the comment section. Maybe your guess will be right. If you like the video, then click on the like button. And subscribe to our TechBah Army. We believe in quality. See you next time. Thanks for watching. Bye-bye guys.