 If you're asking what's new in the market, then everyone knows that this is the new Apple iPhone 15. And it's new pink colour. I have the iPhone 15 Plus too. So, today, by sharing this video's like and share, we're going to unbox these new, made in India iPhones. Yes, it's written behind the phones, Assembled in India. Such an amazing feeling. Today, let's see what Apple has packed in the phones. It's going to be fun. Hello friends, my name is Gaurav. You're watching Technical Guruji. Let's start. Music When a mobile phone is on in such a sink, it's really fun. And here we are talking about, of course, Namaste. And you, watch out for the phones. We have the pink one, we have the black one. And then we'll talk about the other features of these phones. Music Music Music So, guys, on one side, there's money, money, fame, gold, silver, gold, and more. On the other side, there's the new iPhone 15 Plus. There's a new phone about colours. If we start with the colours, then the first thing that Apple has used is coloured glass. You know, this infuse technology is really subtle in a way, like Apple has brought these colours. We have them in iPhone pink, green, yellow, blue, and black too. So, these are all new, fresh colours. And if you've noticed, these are the base variants. Meaning, 15 to 15 Plus. But they're not as glossy as before. We get a premium matte finish which is really good to see or to feel as a grip if we talk about it. You'll feel good. Same like the Pro phones. Right now, you get an aluminum frame. Here, the curve is a bit lighter. The phone stands still. If you talk about it, the phone stands on its edges. But at the same time, it's a bit curved. So, the in-hand feel is really enhanced. And guys, these phones, of course, you know Apple phones, they bring ceramic shields. And you've understood what I'm going to do. No problems. All as well. If we talk about physical overview, one thing that you might have noticed is the dynamic island. Because the entire iPhone 15 lineup brings a dynamic island which is definitely a new flavour. If you use the base variant, you'll get a good experience. If we talk about physical overview, it's quite as usual in an iPhone. We have this side button on the right. It has a completely clean setup on the top. Here, we have a mute switch. There are volume down buttons. There's a SIM tray. There's a USB-C port. Yes, this is something fresh. I'll tell you in the video what you can do with it. Then we have the microphone and speaker grills. And on the back, we have a dual cam setup. But now, even this is enhanced because the main camera is of 48MP with which you can do something new. And in front, the iPhone 15 has a 6.1 inch Super Retina XDR display with a 2000 nits peak brightness. And you'll get the exact same brightness where it's 6.7 inches. It's not a ProMotion because it's for the ProPhone. You get a 60Hz display. But then again, because you feel the iOS is quite fluid or the experience is quite smooth. Now guys, one thing that's a main highlight of any iPhone is the camera setup. So, we have a dual cam setup in the iPhone 15. The main camera comes with 48MP. And we have a 12MP Ultra Wide camera with selfies. Again, it's a 12MP camera. And the 48MP camera comes with something new which is 2X Zoom. Which is available from iPhone 14 or 13. It's not available in the iPhone 15. We have a 0.5mm Ultra Wide camera with the 1X camera. But because we have a high resolution sensor available, it also gives you a 2X zoom. At the same time, the standard phone that stores photos is also available on 24MP. And speaking of photos, these are some camera samples that we clicked with the phone. Using the rear camera, the front camera, wide angle, portrait mode. And portrait mode has also been enhanced because now it's completely automatic. You can go to portrait mode if you want but if you have taken a normal photo & there's a human or dog or cat in that photo, then the depth data of the phone automatically captures the whole photo. And later it gives you the option that you can edit the photo the way you want. You can change the focus or you can do the depth control later. Of course, we have the 4K 60fps option for videos. We have the rear camera, the front camera, the cinematic mode, the action mode. Everything is packed in. And then there's the Apple A16 Bionic chip. Which was a chip that was chip in the iPhone 14 Pro & Pro Max. The same chip is available in the iPhone 15 3s. You know, it's a flagship performance without a doubt. So if you use the phone with a gaming point of view, then your experience will be much better. Guys, moving ahead with the performance, of course you'll enjoy this phone. You can watch videos, whether you enjoy the stereo speakers or for your entertainment. If we talk about connectivity, then of course we have the ultra wide band chip. The second gen is the Find My option. You'll get a better option. In fact, there are better options in the US. There are emergency satellites, which are not available in India. But one thing that is in India is that these phones support Navig. The navigation system of these phones is available in these phones. Which is definitely an amazing thing to see. And this is also quite amazing, the all new USB-C port. The USB-C port in the iPhone 15 or 15 Plus supports USB 2 speeds. You can connect it easily via accessories. If you want to ask for a cable, then you'll have to ask for the Apple Android. Because the cables are the same now. And you can charge your Apple Watch or Airpods via these iPhones. So if you want a top-up on the watch, then you'll have all those options. And speaking of battery, you know that battery is definitely a good thing for phones. Because the way the phones are optimized. And in fact, the 15 Plus, you know that the Plus model has a very long battery life. And yeah, this is all about the new iPhones. You get a lot of features of iOS 17. For example, if you bring your phones closer, then it becomes magical. Like you know, airdrop or you want to share contacts. So everything is available. And if we talk about availability or price, good to know that because these phones are being made in India, which we have also unboxed, these are both Indian phones. There's no change in pricing. The exact same price as last year. The iPhone 15 also starts at Rs.79,900. Its top-end variant, the 512GB one, goes to Rs.1,99,900. And the 15 Plus, its starting price is Rs.89,900 for the 128GB one. And the 512GB one, goes to Rs.1,99,900. By September, they have availability. They come in different colors. I mean, I feel that the 14 Pro or Pro Max we used to get in the last year, if you remove that telephoto camera, then the dynamic lens has also come. Performance is the same as the 16 Bionic we get with new features coming in. So yes, this is definitely a completely packed device. It comes with USB-C and the 48MP primary camera. Everything coming together. These are definitely some new flavors. Although, from a far away point of view, if we look at it, it's quite similar. But the moment you hold these phones, like we do with them, you will get a different feel with this slightly new rounded edges or the complete feel with the matte finish. iPhone 15, 15 Plus, which one do you like? What do you want to say? Which color do you like? Because many people are crazy about this pink. Personally, I like this matte plug. So, let me know what you think about it by commenting below. I'll meet you in the next video. Jai Hind. Vande Mataram.