 Something very curious happens when a new iPhone does not have so many changes, because it makes us focus too much on the few changes it actually has. Have you heard the way in which a car criticizes the last generation of the Porsche 911? This is a car that has been more or less the same for the last 50 years. Each new generation has had very few modifications, however, the reviews that have been made of this car always say the same. They say that it is very refined, which is a master's work of engineering and that they have perfected it in each generation. But it is a car that has developed in the same direction for years. I remember that when I was a child, the Porsche did not like it at all. I knew they were expensive, but I thought that everyone looked the same and that made me bored. I did not like it because I thought there were other more interesting cars. For example, the Ferrari or the McLaren. However, with the passing of the years, I have learned to value the design a little more than the Porsche cars. I am not saying that I love it. I have not reached that point, but now I can appreciate them more than before. Does it make sense? I hope so. This you see here is the new iPhone, it is the iPhone 15 and it is the Pro version and honestly, it does not have many changes. I think people should get out of their heads the idea that every year their phone should change for a more current one. Most of us know how this industry works, but there are people who are not aware of this and say that the current phone is very similar to the previous model, so they do not think it is worth buying it, but many already know that. For example, the Zenfone 10 is only a 9th generation Zenfone. The RU G-Fone has been seen for three years and the Pixels have improved its design, but what really interests us consumers is that they correct anything that is wrong and that they find an ingenious way. Well, it is interesting to improve a little bit each year. In this way, with time, a phone would have many improvements that would represent a greater and more significant change. That is what is happening with the iPhone 15 Pro. I have used it for a few weeks and it has some improvements, but during that time I also realized that this phone has presented some possible problems. So let's talk about all this. This phone has four new features. I will talk about the most basic aspects of this phone in the review I make of the iPhone 15, so subscribe so you can see it as soon as it comes out. For now, I will only talk about the exclusive features of this model, that is, the most professional ones, and among these are the design, the chip, the cameras and the new action button. First, I will talk about the design of this phone. Apple modified the design a little and the materials of this iPhone. The edges are a little more rounded. The design is still square, but it no longer looks like a completely flat glass. Now the edges have a slight curvature and they look very good. So I suppose that the screen protectors will be a little more detailed. The screen is the same size as the previous model, but the contour of the edges is thinner. Technically, this phone is like a millimeter smaller in diagonal shape. In addition, they changed the bright stainless steel marks. Now they are titanium, they have an elegant finish and are lighter. This is the result and I think it looks a little better than before. There is something that draws my attention and is that I have always believed that a heavy phone gives the feeling that it is a luxurious phone, like ceramic phones, which weigh a lot, but I understand why people want it to weigh less, so this iPhone is a 10% lighter than the previous one. However, it feels even lighter than that. They launched it in different colors and I already have my favorite. It is the natural titanium color, it is the first year in which I will not ask for a black iPhone or in any dark tone. I keep thinking that those colors look good, but the steel springs are very marked. In addition, I worry that if I make a very deep spider, the natural light color of the titanium will be seen. This is confirmed by the video that I made for your channel called JerryRigEverything, so as I do not use a background, I will buy it in gray and I think it looks great. I think that if your phone works perfectly, you should not change it for this iPhone, especially if you will only do it because this is titanium or because the viscals are thinner, but I admit that if you put this phone next to an iPhone 11, the changes that have been made throughout the years are very notorious. The same would happen if you compare a Porsche generation 992 with a generation 997. But the truth is that what stands out the most about this design is this here. I mean the new USB type port that is on the bottom, because it marks a big difference for people like me, that we have other devices as computers or headphones, because now we will only use a charger for everything. I had something funny and I think it will happen to all those who have this phone. I had a lightning cable and I tried to connect it here, until I remembered that this iPhone has another port, but I got used to it. My real point is that I would have bet that it would appeal something more interesting with this port. We know that they changed the port because basically the European Union forced them, so thank you for that. Now the iPhone has a USB port and they only promote it by saying that you will use the same cable for everything, and that is not very interesting. When they replaced the 30 pin connector for the lightning, the benefit was obvious, because being a smaller port allowed them to put more things on the phone. In addition, they made it reversible, but this USB-C port is also small and reversible like the previous one. The charging speed did not improve and it is still 25 watts. It does not offer anything additional as a writing mode, being able to connect it to a monitor or something similar. You will only use the same cable for everything. So, well, welcome to the club. Now the iPhone users will finally be able to use a universal cable. I already talked about the function that allows you to connect it to another phone and use the battery of one to charge the other with a power of 4.5 watts. What is great, you can also connect a keyboard and use it to write or connect a monitor that will replicate your screen in 4K60. The iPhone Pro now has a transfer speed of data of its USB 3, that is, you can transfer the files pro-res on the phone in a faster way and for the first time you can record videos directly in an external unit. I know there is a debate about the cable that comes in the box, because this includes a beautiful USB-C cable of high quality, but it only has a transfer speed of USB 2 and that is very slow, so if you have it, you will have to buy another faster cable. That may sound weird, but it is not, it is very normal. Most smartphones come with a USB-C charging cable and it only works for that. If you want a data cable, you have to buy a thicker and more resistant cable that looks the same. But it works for something else, the truth is that this is a little confusing and annoying, but hey, welcome to the world of the USB-C. I am glad you are here, now I will talk about the main element of this phone, which is the new high performance chip. The one they called A17 Pro, the iPhone 15 base has the same 16-bit chip from the 14 Pro last year, and this time the high-end phones have a chip that is more powerful, it is the A17 Pro and it is the first time they use that word in a chip. In theory, it is crazy, it is its first 3-nanometer chip. In fact, it may be the first 3-nanometer chip that we see on a phone during the next few years, and if you try some and get very close to the level of synthetic score of the chip M1. In addition, the CPU and the GPU are between 10 and 20% more powerful than last year, which is very respectable, but that a chip that is more powerful is as if a car had more horsepower. That means that it is only really useful notary if it allows you to do more things with it. I will use the same analogy to give you another example. Think about the last generation of the Porsche 911 Turbo S. This car is so fast and impressive that it is impossible to reach that speed on the streets. The only way to take advantage of its maximum performance is on the track. It goes the same with the iPhone Pro. This phone is great for browsing through Instagram, or to send text messages. It is perfect to browse through the web and for all the basic functions. So there is only one way to get the extra performance. That is why they made some demonstrations with some games. During the Apple event, they presented impressive demonstrations. I am not very passionate about phone games, so I will let Dave Tudy comment on that. I will leave you the link to his video, but they literally launched exclusive games for the iPhone. They launched games like Resident Evil, VLG and Assassin's Creed, which are not mobile versions, but literally the same versions, with the same elements and textures as the original versions. Because they are the versions for PlayStation. That is impressive. It is also good to have a margin of performance. The truth is that I think that as many people as I do will notice the most shocking functions of this chip in other situations. Like those that are intended for specific tasks. For example, the new image signal processor allows you to take several photos quickly and without delay. The new Neural Engine recognizes automatically if you take a photo of a person or an animal and allows you to convert a normal photo into a portrait mode. This chip also has the USB 3 controller with a faster transfer speed. The A17 has all this, but at this point there is something that worries me the most and is the battery duration. Well, the reality is that two main problems have emerged and it is necessary to find out if these problems are isolated or if they are real problems that the phone has. I mean the battery duration and overheating problem. There is a reason why I took longer than normal to do this review and it is because I wanted to use the battery and find out what happens to it. Objectively, these phones have a larger battery than the last year and have a new 3 nanometer chip, so they should have a better performance. And that's because they have a better duration in certain aspects. And that's very good. When I'm trying a phone, I'm left with a lot of the impression that it gives me, this always results in a mix of good days, normal days and bad days. I use that information to find out what the battery drops. What are its weaknesses and then I come to a conclusion. This time I used the phone for a few weeks and I've had a good amount of normal days. I've also had bad days in which the battery drops very fast. But I haven't had any of those incredible days, where I have like 9 hours of time on the screen, that has simply not happened. In addition, some headlines have come out that say that the battery duration is worse than before. And on Twitter they have talked about the problems of overheating that it has. I know you want to know if mine has had any problem. And this is my answer, yes it has had problems but not as I expected. It was only 2 days ago in a golf tournament in Florida. The temperature was about 38 degrees. I spent the whole day under the sun, with my phone at maximum brightness and with the GPS on and I didn't have any overheating problem. But a few hours later, I was on the plane with my phone in airplane mode, I was listening to music on Spotify through Bluetooth and browsing through Instagram. When the phone got very hot and the battery dropped like 5%, after about 5 minutes it returned to normal. It seems that there is no specific reason for this. Therefore, my theory is that the A17 Pro is a chip more powerful. Because of this, the battery can be exhausted faster than before in high intensity situations, for example in games, there have also been problems that are attributed to the iOS 17. This is the version 17.0.2, so I suppose there will be more updates for iOS and other applications. The truth is that I think I would like the battery duration to be similar to the last year. I know it sounds a little boring, but that's what I hope. We could talk for hours about the meaning that the word Pro has on a smartphone. But on the iPhone, that word is mainly referring to the cameras. It turns out that there is a lot to say about the cameras that these phones have, which are relatively similar, both in hardware and software. The main camera is larger and is 48 megapixels. The ultra-large angle was improved and now it has a macro-close capacity. They also modified the telephoto lens, but then I will talk about that. On the other hand, I must talk about the software, which has a new and intricate image processing. As you know, most smartphones of today have 48 megapixels cameras, but then regroup them. That is, the photos are 12 megapixels. The previous iPhones did this. However, this is different. Because this phone takes 24 megapixels photos in a predetermined way, not 12 megapixels. And the files only weigh almost the double as before. Both the iPhone 15 and the iPhone 15 produce this same image processing, which consists of taking a complete photo of 48 megapixels with the sensor to obtain detailed information. And with the sensor, it also takes a complete photo of 12 megapixels. This is the group of pixels and captures the information of light and noise. Then it uses the neural network to combine the two images and makes a kind of transfer of detailed information to obtain a 24 megapixel hybrid image. It is a complex process, but very ingenious. And if you ask yourself how is the final result? There is not much difference. It coincides with what I have said during this video. It simply looks at the photos that have been taken with this camera. They were taken with an iPhone, so they look very good. Its dynamic range and sharpness are incredible. Although I prefer to take photos with the style of intensified contrast. In general, the iPhone has one of the best cameras to take photos automatically. And the results look good. Although they don't look so much like real life. Because the light looks different. They went through a ton of matte and other things. We are already used to HDR doing all this. But the results are good and many people like it. The macro mode improved is fantastic. I also like that you don't need to change portrait mode in the main camera to get photos with blurry backgrounds. It is incredible. The autofocus automatically identifies quickly when there is a face on the scene. It is excellent in that. Another advantage of the larger sensor is that the photos taken at night have a longer capture. It is not magic. It is only physics. So, is there any difference between the 24 megapixels and the 12 megapixels? Definitely not at first sight. They look almost the same. You have to zoom at least up to 50%. But the change is not very evident. Only when you get very close you can start seeing the differences. Which are more noticeable in the small details and in contrast. If you analyze the pixels you will see that the 15 has more contrast and sharpness than before. But you will only notice if you zoom completely. On the contrary, you will not see the differences. By the way, if you zoom in 12x or more, it will take the photo to 12 megapixels as before. As I said, each year they launch a phone that is just a little better than the previous one. The having to review each pixel to notice the differences is an example of this. But with the passing of the years, these characteristics will accumulate and will be more evident. They also made some pre-established adjustments to the Lente 1x of the iPhone Pro. Now it has a focal distance of 24 mm, one of 28 mm with more zoom and another of 35 mm. Each distance has its own adjustment of pre-established image processing to maximize the details. These distances are of high resolution and allow you to zoom digitally. I would not say that this phone has additional lenses, but if you compare the 1.5x phone from last year with this year, you will see the difference. There is no big difference. But there is. I have no doubt that the most outstanding of these new phones is its video camera. So I am going to talk for a long time about this. I know that many times I have talked about the ability to record videos on the iPhone, but it is because they are very ahead of the other smartphones that exist. It does not record in 8K, although with those 48 megapixels it could easily do it. It only records in 4K 30 in automatic, but the results are impressive. The details, the autofocus, the depth, the dynamic range and the stabilization are of first class. If you want to check it out, you can see the review of the electric rifle from Rivian that I made for the autofocus channel. I recorded all that video with an iPhone 15 Pro. I will leave the link in case you want to see it complete. The chip has a B1 decoder that will make YouTube videos look great. In addition to the previous one. This year you can record in Log, which is a function of professional cameras. The only bad thing is that it is not so easy to find it. To use it you must look for it in the configuration application. And that is not very professional. But if you are interested, I recommend that you look for the Log function and activate it. Then the iPhone will capture more information. The photo will have a more flat appearance and a greater dynamic range. So it will not have excess sharpness, saturation or processing that the iPhone does. Apple has its own loot that converts videos to SDR or HDR. But you can also edit them yourself to take advantage of the iPhone videos. I have to admit that they really look good. But if I am very meticulous, I also have to admit that there is still an aspect in which they can improve. I mean the halo of the sources of light. I understand that it is very difficult to solve that because the optics are reduced. But it really looks very bad. This happens every time there are dim lights. No matter the lens cover you use and it is more common in videos. Apparently this is worse on the iPhone than on any other phone. I must mention it because it continues to happen. But if that is the biggest disadvantage of the iPhone videos, I can accept it. On the other hand, the iPhone 15 Pro Max is the only one that has a new lens telephoto lens of 5x with a greater range. I am sure that the iPhone 16 Pro will also come with this lens next year. But for now it only has the Pro Max. This lens allows you to make a larger zoom that goes from 15x to 25x. This is great if you are one of those people who take many photos and videos with zoom. An example of this are the people who go to concerts. But not everyone should buy this phone only for this lens, since it also implies having a bigger phone. In addition, it turns out that the photos you take in 4x will look worse on this phone. The truth is not as good as some of the lens periscopes with a greater telephoto lens. For example, Samsung has an optical lens of 10x which reaches its peak on the iPhone. I think the main advantage of Apple is stabilization. Finally, it is visible a preview of the zoom in the corner of the visor. Then it stabilizes the frame to use all the zoom and take a super-sigile shape. It is incredible. I am going to repeat something that Mr Mobile said, because he said it in a very clear way and he is also right. He said that there are currently cameras from various manufacturers. There are iPhone cameras, Samsung cameras, Pixel cameras, etc. But the biggest difference between them is the software, which is almost not even constant. Therefore, it is difficult to have a final verdict on whether the iPhone 15 Pro camera is better than the one from Samsung or decide if the Pixel camera is better, the one from Oppo or the one from another manufacturer. You will have to take the situation seriously, because in some cases the focal distance of the zoom will be sharper in some cameras than in others, but in the end everything will depend on the taste of each one. Therefore, you will have to discover which camera has the quality of image you like the most and if you like the user interface to take photos and videos, that reminds me that I want to mention that this Romax button is very funny. This is a button to take photos pro ro of 48 megapixels with complete resolution, but it only says Romax. If you want to take photos jpg of 48 megapixels, you must return to the configuration application and change it. When you open the camera, the button will say jpgmax, which is also funny. Finally, I want to talk about the new action button. This button is only available for the iPhone Pro, because they are the only ones you can customize. Did you like this? Yes, I like the action button, but I also think it is a little overvalued or underestimated. This depends on the type of user you are. On the one hand, it is literally a customizable button and no one expected it. It replaces the least used button that was on the previous iPhones, because I think that phones should always be in silence. Now you can configure this action button so that it does what you want. You can use it as a silent switch and because it is a very strong optical system. You can know if it is in silence or not without looking at it. You can also configure it so that it has other functions. You can use it to open the camera or to record a voice note. You can also configure shortcuts to open the application you want. It is likely that your favorite YouTube channel publishes a tutorial on which the best shortcuts to assign to the action button are. Because this button allows you to open applications and perform actions within them. You can unlock your cards or open your application for detailed tasks. You can even start a new task within the task management application, which impresses me a lot and I think it is great. I hope that others will copy us on this. Although I know that some already had something like that. But hopefully you see that this is fantastic and they will have something similar again. But on the other hand, I have the feeling that many people will approve this function for a few days. But I think that after a while they will forget that it exists and they will never use it again. The reason why I think this is because it is not very accessible. It is not a button that can be handled with one hand or it is not in a place where fingers are usually put. Mainly in the Pro Max, because it is above the volume buttons. It could be an option for the camera, but the volume buttons already do that. I think that after a while you will configure it as a silence switch and you will forget what it does. And that is also valid. After using this function for a while you will discover what type of user you are and what you like. The same happened to me with the mattress cover I used for a while. I used it for about three months. The pod cover covers the whole mattress. It regulates the temperature of the bed and helps you sleep. As I have already used it for a while. I know I like it, although at first I was skeptical. Now, every time I go to a hotel, it is hard for me to sleep in those beds. Which I used to do the other way around. I really feel that I sleep much better in the bed because at night it is cold to help you sleep early and in the morning it is hot to help you wake up. It is evident that the temperature is a very important factor when it comes to sleep. It has made me clear that staying asleep faster and having a dream of quality is the best. And it is something that would not change at all. It is just that it took me time to learn that. It also has an application that shows all the information about your sleep and allows you to adjust the autopilot. In the application you can also adjust the temperature on the other side of the bed if someone sleeps there. It is great. So I will leave you the link. And as it sleeps, it is a great sponsor. It will give you a discount of $ 200 and you buy a pod cover. You just have to use the code MKBHD in the link I will leave you below. But hey, I will give my conclusions. This is my final verdict about the new iPhone Pro of 2023. I will try not to extend myself. I usually have conversations about this with my friends and I always try to summarize everything in one single sentence. The truth is that it is the same phone that last year but with the USB, the chip is a little faster. The screen is a little brighter and the visors are a little thinner and the cameras are a little better. So you have to decide if that is important to you. Is any of these things important to you? I must be honest. Maybe the port USB is the most important thing of the new iPhone. Although that is not what Apple expected. Welcome to my friend's club. Thanks for joining me. See you soon. Goodbye.