 This is the iPhone 15 series, which is non-pro. The non-pro variants of iPhones are the biggest upgrade. It's not like it's new. But the previous iPhones have a lot of big features. This time you can watch them in non-pro iPhones. We have made a separate in-depth video for the Pro. But let's check out what's new. This time, the first thing you can notice is the dynamic island. The build is completely changed. It's a USB-C support. The camera is upgraded. There are many other things that we'll test together. First thing first, let's open it. This definitely feels very different. And if you notice this time, the back side has a very different texture. And the whole aluminum body on the side is very pretty. Apple is making blue-blue colors every year. But every year, blue is shared separately. And this year, it almost turned white by removing blue. I think the blue in the clouds is the first thing. First thing we do is... By the way, no one has changed it. But if you do the unboxing, there's a big change in one thing. That's a cable. This time you get a braided cable. Like normal iPhones, they had plastic. But Apple has recently changed it in MacBooks. By computers, everything. It started giving braided cables. It feels a bit strong to hold it. You can charge it with an Android cable. And you can connect everything with USB-C. We'll see this in the video. There's a sticker. It's a sticker of white color. You get it from different color stickers. There's a SIM ejector tool that comes with a lot of standard iPhones. It's an iPhone standard case. It's a silicone case. It's soft from the inside. It's from the outside. It's a big deal. If you compare it with the previous variant, it's old. The edges were a bit sharp. This time, it's a bit curved. And the bag was a bit shiny in the old version. This time, it's a soft touch bag. It feels like it's made for kids. You don't get the titanium sides and an action button. You can't see it in this. And you don't get the telephoto lens. But the camera is definitely upgraded. And one more thing that's upgraded is... This Dynamic Island. You have to say it's notch, you have to say it's servo, you have to say it's Dynamic Island. It has a very different name. But this iPhone 15 series has finally come to life. But you can do a lot of new things from it. Like opening YouTube Music. And playing songs. So it's minimized and it's in your Dynamic Island. So it's got a lot of different animations. You can hold it and make it bigger. And if you put a timer and put it in the background, you can do that too. If you have two applications for notification, you can directly access them. I can tap side by side and sing. And if I tap the other side, the timer goes off. Its animations are also very interesting and cool. And if you want to say a feature, you can say it. But it was in the old Pro versions. Now you can go to it. If you order it from Zomato, you will get tracking details. How many minutes will you get order delivered? Like your big notch used to be there. But now... Look, I've added a new feature. Touch it. Oh, it's magic. Oh, oh, oh, oh. This is also a new feature. It's the iOS 17. I will tell you about it separately. If I compare iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 side by side, the size of the notch and Dynamic Island is very different. And there is one more difference. You can touch the Dynamic Island and use the phone. But if you touch the notch, nothing happens. It looks like a dead-sea screen. If you play in the game, if your heart touches, it doesn't make much difference. So if you put a button to fire-wire from here, it touches easily. There is no change in the bezels. You still get to see it in the same screen. And Dynamic Island is installed, but there is no difference in refresh rate. You still get to see the screen of 60Hz. According to me, it's the right time to update. Because there is no phone that will cost Rs. 80,000 in which the display of 120Hz is not there. According to me, Apple does things to show the difference between their Pro series and normal series. And I haven't changed one or two more things that I don't like. I will tell you that in the video. There is no difference in iPhone 15 and 15 Plus. The main difference between the display and the battery is the main difference. So let's show you the whole thing with the iPhone 15 Plus. It looks good if there is a big screen in it. The build on the backside is like the last time. It was a very bright and vibrant color. This time, the color was a little bit dark. I mean, it's almost white and a little mixed. So if you want to add color in your life again, or add different textures and feel, then you can use our skins. We have launched the anti-hero collection with Marvel. In which you will get a lot of cool characters. Our exclusive designs are different. There are many beautiful textures and designs. You get all the things on Layers.shop. Your iPhone will definitely get a different feel. One more thing that you were telling me. It's only been a long time since I came to this Android phone. I have finally got to see it on my iPhone. There is one problem. The USB Type-C port of this phone and the iPhone Pro series with USB Type-C port is different. The port in the Pro series is USB 3.1. Which normally comes with all the phones. The USB port in this is USB 2.0. On the 25,000 Android phones, all the USB 3.1 ports come. And because of this, there are many problems. And USB 2.0 means, basically, let me tell you that this port is only visible from outside. How does the cable look from outside? The hardware inside is so fast. You can transfer files in it. You can connect various things. There is a lot of difference in that. So we connect the accessories later. First of all, we test the charging. There are four variations in this. One is the charger of Apple and Android. One is the charger of Apple. One is the charger of Android. And the last one is the charger of Apple. It will go in that. So let's test the four. Who will do the best thing? And it's really fast charging. The best thing is the charger of Apple. The USB Type-C port of Apple. We should have charged it. We have installed the USB Type-C port. This is also happening. We don't have any challenge with the charging. It's an 8W charging. This is the cable. It's a little slow charging. This is the charger of Android. And the cable of Android. It will charge the most if you charge it. It is also charging. So you can charge your iPhone from any Android charger. Some people said that it didn't work. It's not like that. You can connect the monitor. We disconnected the hard disk. It wasn't working. The accessories are all working. Earlier, there was a separate cable for the AirPods and iPhone. Then there was a separate cable for the laptop. There was a separate cable for your iPad. All the cables were separate. The charger was also a charger for the iPhone. The laptop was a different charger. Now all the cables are the same. You can charge everyone with one cable. The USB Type-C port is also in the AirPods. The iPhone is also in the laptop. Everything is working. That's it. You won't be able to charge the laptop with the iPhone. You will be able to charge the iPhone with the laptop. You can connect an external speaker to it and play songs. We have run a video on the Apple display. You can also install a gaming controller. All these things are compatible with your iPhone. You won't be able to see a separate 3rd lens in the camera. But let's look at the performance for the upgrade. The formula for this series is that the last year's Pro series was added in this year's non-Pro series. The same thing happened in the processor. The processor for the last year was added in this year's non-Pro series. And the last year's processor was definitely a Tadda processor. And you get the same performance. And you won't be able to take it in a very tough way. Because there is a 60Hz panel in it. Like we have run the BGMI. So when you play games, you can use your finger to play on a dynamic island. That's the only thing that works. It looks cool. And of course, you won't get any shortcomings in gaming performance. The great racing that Apple has put in its Pro models, you won't get that. But overall, the performance and gameplay are definitely smooth. You can run 3-4 applications. You can run it for 1-2 hours. No challenge will come. According to me, Apple should also add gaming mode. Because a lot of people play games. You can see iOS 17 in this. It's called Apple Standby Mode. You have to put a photo in it. You have to keep it in the clock. If you touch the iPhone like this, it gets a little kiss. Then your contact will be transferred. Your contact transfer or you have to transfer to Delhi. Both are the same. NFC basically happens. So if you think that you will take the number of girls, Touching in metro, then it won't happen. You have to enable it on everyone. That's the only thing that happens. So this is our team. A lot of people are there. I thought you guys too clear it. You didn't ask. Apart from that, AutoCorrect has been upgraded a little. And you can use gestures of your hand in video calls. You can get it in video calls. Thumbs up. Come on, done work. After that, you have to make something else with action. Whatever you want to make. You can make it. If the feature is enabled, it works well. On WhatsApp calls, we have tested it on Google Meet. It works well. If you want to make a live photo of the wallpaper, you can do that too. And you have to call the iPhone in your voice. You can do that too. We tried it. It works in old iPhones too. And I thought, if it just got updated, I will share it too. In this too, like we did in the Pro series, you can connect a keyboard. It looks cool. You can also put a gaming controller. The controller of PS5 is attached. It works on it. And you can also use the earphones of USB Type-C. It opens. The screen opens a little. And of course, there is another feature in iOS. This is the depth wallpaper. In which, look, it is in the back. Like this one is in the front. I will press the button. It will go back. You can try more such type of wallpapers. You can blur the wallpapers. You can change the color of them. So, on the fresh walls, there is a whole depth section. In which, you get a lot of such wallpapers. And in our exclusive wallpaper collection, we keep on updating it. Now, if you look at the App Store, one of the top wallpapers comes in applications. And it is level on Android. So, yes, definitely, it is available. So, this phone is not worthy of upgrading. I will tell you this at the end. And the price is also a little factor when it comes. But it is very important to look at the camera. First thing you will notice in the camera, this is the first time in the iPhone series, when it has upgraded the 12th pixel camera. Now, you get a 48-megapixel camera. And with this 48-megapixel camera, if you take a normal photo, it comes with 12-megapixel. You have to go to the settings and enable it separately. You need a RAW photo for a 48-megapixel. Then, the 48-megapixel camera comes. But in normal photos, you get a little better light. In this, you will see 0.5x, 1x and 2x. This 2x 1x is zoomed a little. One thing that I find quite good. Which is also in the Pro, you can record on 4K 60fps. You can zoom normally in the photo up to 10x. And if you want to make a video, you can zoom in up to 6x in the video. So, if you had to zoom in in the videos, you could zoom in up to 3x. But you can zoom in up to 6x in the video. Basically, you have to add this thing by doing the lens. This time, there is an auto-portrait feature. If you take a normal photo in this, you can convert it later in portrait mode. Like, we have taken a Venkadev's photo. And we will click it later in software. If I click on Live Photo here, you can select the portrait option here. I can change it in portrait mode. And I can change the blur too. In this photo, and the normal portrait mode photo, there is a difference. So, we have taken this photo from normal mode. We have changed it later in portrait mode. And the right side, there is a portrait mode photo. You will see a slight difference. But yes, if you take it directly in portrait mode, then definitely give better photos. The quality of blur is better. But if you want to do work, then you can change the normal mode in portrait mode. See, you guys must be thinking, if you are taking a normal photo in 12th pixel, then what is the benefit of 48th pixel? So, in this, if you take more photos in the map, then your quality of photo increases. So, if you are taking photos in the night, or if you are taking normal photos, then the details get better. And if you take some photos in low light, like we have taken some photos. And in 48th pixel, if you want to take raw photos, that is also available. This phone was made on 4K 60fps. Now we have taken a lens of 0.5x, this is a wide-angle lens. We have done this on 1x. So, you can check the audio quality in this. Definitely, dynamic range, all things are looking good. If you look at the skin tones, you will see a difference. First, from the skin tones, in the skin tones, it seems a little soft. And it is a little dull. Or you can be natural. As you wish. Definitely, in photos and videos, you can say a big upgrade in its camera. Look, I want a final thing. In price, like we had given the Pro version, the price is very good. And the point is, not in the iPhones outside, but in the Pro Max, there was no update of the price. But this time, if you want to take this phone, then the price is not changed at all. iPhone 15, you still get Rs. 80,000. And iPhone 15 Plus, you still get Rs. 10,000. I think, by giving Rs. 10,000, it definitely becomes a good option. But these two iPhones, in this price point, almost give you the iPhone 14 Pro feel, Rs. 80,000. And one question, if you are also thinking, which we had told in the iPhone Pro series, that why is the iPhone Pro series price so high in India? And why is it so high outside? That you can bring it from Dubai, then it is more expensive in India. Then you will save Rs. 40,000. Because this series is assembled in India, so the price is cheaper. And it can be, after 6-7 months, you will see some phones in the sale. So if you are before iPhone 13, then definitely a good upgrade will be there. You will get a good upgrade in the display camera battery, but if it is 14, then also a decent upgrade will be there. You won't get much difference. But yes, Dynamic Island, difference in camera, and USB type C. These are three things, so it is big. And now, we will show you some things on the Vlog channel, which we will test with this phone. And besides that, there will be more amazing things on the channel. So I hope you are also ready. We are also ready to make it. See you next time. Bye-bye.