 Oh my goodness! You see the USB Type-C? This is looking very different. We'll put it for charge. Let's see. Oh yes! Oh yes! Charging! Oh my God! When this white bag comes, I am very happy. And this time, there are many things in this white bag. iPhone 15. iPhone 15 Plus. And then you have iPhone 15 Pro Max. This look at these. Oh my God! Not so much. We have the AirPod Pro 2 & then you have these Mag wallets. And then obviously these are the cases. Oh my God! Just look at this. I know this is all a dream. But I am going to do the same. I am going to do your dreams. We are going to unbox today iPhone 15 & iPhone 15 Pro Max. The base variant & the rest of the things we'll talk about. It's going to be a very interesting fun video. There's a quiz. The total cost of the things I have taken out of the white bag is in the comments. Go back and see what I have taken out of the bag. And these are all the top variants. For non-pro 512GB & for pros it is 1TB. Let's open the base variant first. Alright! Oh look at that colour. This is the blue one. The white one. The white one. This doesn't feel like an iPhone after you take it in your hand. Because when you take it in your hand, you expect it to be heavier. But this is light as a feather especially iPhone 15. I don't know if it's going to weigh. Oh my God! Yes look at this. Finally USB Type C to Type C cable in an iPhone box. Fantastic! And then you have small documentation & stickers. That's about it! Let's open the Pro Max. That's nice out of unboxing. There's not much noise. Let me try again. Alright! You know the Pro Max is the most important thing in this video. Look at that colour! What a job! Apple has done a great job. The titanium frame has reduced the weight. Before waiting, let me show you the iPhone 15 Plus. Let me show you this pink colour. I don't think we have opened it so let's open it too. Oh! Lovely! I know you guys will comment that I'm overacting but I'm not. So literally you go in an Apple shop & feel it. You will do the same. Seriously! And this is the natural titanium. This is the blue titanium. The most interesting thing is its weight. What is going to be the weight of this? It's going to be the weight of this. It's going to be the weight of this. Look at this! It's not even 200g lower than the iPhone. But let me tell you this. This must be about 185g. I don't believe it. Mind blown! It's 170g! Look at this! It's not even 0.1g lower than the iPhone. It's 170g for an iPhone! I can't believe this! Big battery, longest battery on iPhone 15 Plus. Let us see. I was going to say this 200g but I'll say about 185g. I don't know, 190g. Oh! I'm going totally wrong. It's 170g and this is 201g. So the first thing I was thinking was 201g. Yes 201.7g. That's iPhone 15 Plus. We don't have Pro but we have Pro Max. Remember the iPhone 14 Pro Max was about 235g to 239g. It was close to 240g. This is going to be around 215g. So around 2025g lesser. So it's 221g. So it's 239g to 240g. It's less than 20g. But I was thinking about the weight. Whenever I'm holding this iPhone, the contoured edges make you feel completely different. They used to have sharp edges. I used to know if I was holding it or not. But they are absolutely beautiful. I mean absolutely phenomenal work on the exterior by Apple for sure. Let's start with the iPhone 15. The colours are infused back. Especially when I asked the Apple Executive about the colour. They said they made this colour-infused glass with the Corning. So when the light falls, it looks completely different. It's satin finish type. But it looks very different from anything else. And if I talk about the frame, it has an aluminium build. And in Pro variants, you get titanium finish. That's what you get. And titanium is very light. And even more stronger than steel which was in the first 14 series. Another big change, Type C. Now the Type C port is here. It's Type C in 4, but it has USB 3.0 and 2.0. But let me tell you, in the box, if you take the Pro or the Non-Pro, you'll get the cable USB 2.0. Let's talk about the ports and buttons. There's USB Type C, speaker grill, microphone, volume rocker on the left-hand side. And you have the slider which used to be there. But if I talk about these, then you have the Action button. If I talk about the Pro variants, then there's the Action button. How does the Action button work? And then you tell me if you prefer the Action button. On the right-hand side, there's the power on-off button. And on the left-hand side, you get the SIM card tray. You can use a SIM card and then a dual SIM card. But one SIM card and one SIM card. Alright, time to start these babies! Alright, let's talk about the iPhone 15. Dynamic Island is here, so you won't know if you're using the iPhone 14 Pro or the iPhone 15 Pro. And if I talk about the display, then let me tell you the sizes. It's 6.1 x 6.7 x Pro and Non-Pro models, but there's a big difference between them. Both the Pro models come with 120Hz fast refresh rate but these ones are still 60Hz. That's a miss for sure! If the 120Hz is in the non-pro, then it's amazing! There are rumors that all the models will have 120Hz in the 16th but not in this one. But one thing is good, both the models have peak brightness that goes up to 2000 nits. So that's there on all the models. Let's do the drop test. I know a lot of people will say in comments, don't drop it but we have to do it. But I think a lot of people like it. It's a ceramic shield, I don't have any tension at all. And the iPhones are a bit lighter now, so let me do this! This is the iPhone 15, 1, 2 & 3! Nothing, I don't even need to look at it. 1, 2 & 3! That was a big sound! Now this time, both are together. 1, 2 & 3! 1, 2 & 3! Absolutely nothing, the iPhones are absolutely a bit like a tank for sure! If the glass on the back breaks, then there's no tension. The cost has been reduced from 1.4 to a back replacement. Let's talk about the specs, let's talk about the chipset. This is the A16 Bionic, which was the last time the Pro models. But the big change in the Pro models is this one. Yes, this is the A17 Pro, it's the first time in the Pro series. And I'll tell you what, the performance is absolutely Pro Plus, it's 3mm so it's very power efficient. And for gaming, we have the next level of things, ray tracing games, you'll be able to do it. And we tested it out. I'll tell you about the gaming, but we did a benchmark test which blew my mind. Especially about the A17 Pro, we didn't want to talk much about the A16, but the A17 Pro, the MacBook Pro & M1 & M2 laptops, we did a benchmark test and blew my mind. And this is the single core score of the A17 Pro Bionic chip, and the Bionic A17 Pro chip, that is over 2900. If I talk about the M2 chipset, which had an iPad Pro, it's closer to 2500, so think about the performance. But if I talk about the multicore, the iPad Pro comes a bit more on the M2 chipset. This one is over 7300, this one is over 9300. So that's the difference. So obviously, you'll be able to play heavy games, COD mobile, you'll be able to play at 120 FPS. And we also ran the rate tracing on the benchmarks, obviously there are going to be a lot of games coming up, and we got up to 30-31 FPS on the frame rate. That was crazy. And remember, we talked a lot about the gaming, there are a lot of console games on it. So you'll be able to do the gaming on the PC level. When I first looked at the video, I didn't test it much, so I said that there are incremental updates, but the Pro Max increases the incremental. I want to ask you one thing, there are USB 3M, so you can connect a big screen and play. But do you like to play on a small screen? Do tell me, I really want to know that. I'm talking about RAM, so you get 6GB of non-pro models & 8GB of Pro models. If I talk about storage, then the non-pro models start with 128GB and the top models are 512GB. Whereas the Pro models start with 256GB and go all the way up to 1TB. Yes, the iPhone 15 Pro Max top variant costs you 2 lakh rupees. And the base variant of the iPhone 15 is 79,980,000. Battery capacity is 3349MHz & the iPhone 15 Plus is 4383MHz. And if I talk about Pro Max, then Pro Max is 3274MHz & Pro Max is 442MHz. It's a weird number but that's what it is. Let me tell you something, we've charged the normal cable with the other one & I'll tell you what, it charges. I mean, anyone else took an adapter, USB Type-C cable, charged it & it was charging. Oh my God, it felt so different, I'll tell you. Another big increment, I won't say increment, it's a big update camera. Obviously, you get dual camera setup in non-pro models, 48MP, Pixel 12MP, and selfie, you get dual megapixel. Big change has come in Pro models, 48MP, 12MP, 12MP, and 12MP telephoto on the Pro which gives you 3x telephoto zoom. Whereas, this 5x zoom gives you a lossless zoom, it also has 48MP & 12MP, you get 12MP in selfie. But you know, keep the resolution aside. If you'll talk about the camera performance, one thing stood out. Obviously, we're going to do a comparison of the camera. So wait for that, subscribe if you haven't already. We do a lot of things, we shoot at 11-12pm for you guys. So don't forget to subscribe, we have a lot of videos about the iPhone on the camera. But one thing stood out, the HDR performance, one thing we always complain about about the iPhone, HDR performance has improved a lot. We've taken a lot of photos in the original quality, we've taken a lot of photos in low light. So do go & watch the iPhone 15 series camera performance. If I talk about the zoom, we've seen it up to 100-120x on Android phones. It's up to 25x, but remember that when Apple does something, it's to the point. 25x will be usable, it's a lot of times that you do 100x, it's not visible, it's just for the name. If I talk about videography, 4K 60fps across the board, so that is there. ProRes videos, you can take out. In fact, if you want to take out ProRes, you can save it directly to SSD. So that is nice. You can take out RAW photos & in photos, you can take out HEF Max mode where you have 24MP photos. So a lot of things are there, detailed camera comparisons are there as I've told you, so don't forget to subscribe. Alright, let's talk about the new thing that has been in the Pro models, Action Button. You know, I have a mixed feeling about this, because this slider gives you a clear red. So if you even put a phone in front of you, then you can tell on silent, but that is all. You can do it on silent or on ringer. But now you can do a lot of different things in the action button. But there is a problem as well. You have to press the action button long. And then you see here, yeah, it's silent now. But if you keep the phone like this, you won't know whether it's silent or not. But friends, this is not just one thing, you can call this action button as a camera opening button. And then you can use this as a shutter button as well. So if you want to take out a photo immediately, then just long press it for 3 seconds, the camera will open up. And use it as a shutter button and you can click the photo. So all that is there. So if you can't do this, you can turn on Voice Memo. You go to a lot of meetings, you have to record immediately. You can do the same with the watch, you can do the shortcuts etc. So yes, there are a lot of features in the action button. But like I said, I have mixed reaction. I still like that slider. Friends, talking about connectivity, you get Wi-Fi 6 in non-pro models whereas on pro models you get Wi-Fi 6e. You get Bluetooth 5.3 across the board. And yes, the ultra-wideband chip of the 2nd generation is also coming up. So if you want to find someone very accurately, you can do that. Let's talk about multimedia. I forgot to tell you about the display. The bezels are now less than before. If you compare iPhone 14 Pro Max with this, look at the bezels. They have really thin bezels & there's no question of the chin. All the bezels are of the same size, on the top, on the bottom, on the sides etc. So very immersive display, obviously the iPhone's display. And then you have Dolby Vision support, HDR10+, which is everything. And stereo speakers as well. And the top notch. You have to consume multimedia in iPhone 15 Pro Max. It's pleasant, it's immersive. And finally, let's talk about the price. You know who all people take this. If I talk about the value for money, obviously that question doesn't come here. Then you can probably go for iPhone 14 or iPhone 13, which is of the previous generation. But this one is the cutting edge. The one you get in this, you're not going to get it anywhere else. And friends, I thought that the top 10 highest selling phones globally, 6-8 out of them were only iPhones. And iPhone 14 Pro Max was the highest selling. So the price doesn't matter, it's an iPhone. So I'm not going to talk about that. But overall, when I attended the keynote, I thought that there's an incremental update in everything. But it is slightly more than that. I also know that the last time you got 128GB Pro Max, now it's 256GB. The price remains the same but 128GB was less, it was around 20-30,000-120-130GB. Now that's not the case in the variant. Yes, there's one thing, the iPhone 14 Pro Max was a little cheaper because it's a 128GB variant. The pricing of 256GB variant remains the same. It's not increased even though you've got all that titanium frame. And a lot of things that I just told you. So I think I'm just okay with it. By the way, if I talk about the Airpods Pro, it's a Type C variant. Yes, it's a Lightning port. It's a Type C variant. IP68 certification, wireless charging, all that stuff. Reverse wired charging is also available now. So that's it friends! This is the iPhone 15 series, the big iPhone of 2023. And if you have any questions about the iPhone 15 series, please ask them in the comments below as FAQ video is coming very soon. Do that right now & subscribe if you haven't. If you liked this video, don't forget to like it. That's all for this video, until the next one, Keep Trakin & Stay Safe!